---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

### What did I do this past week?

Comapred to the first week, this past week was relatively eventful. Overall it was not as bad as I might have expected it to be, but then again I usually tend to plan for the worst case and this was merely the second week into this semester, so things can become more interesting in the future.

The brute force solution was not dificult to implement in my code, and even less to make it pass UVa testing. Given my previous expeience with trying to pass SPOJ for the same problem using python, I was glade that it was not as difficult, but then again I was expecting it to be the case, C++ is much more efficient language than Python. Although the code passed UVa, I still had to implement a cache. I opted for a lazy cache that used a static array. Not the best and most efficient solution possible out there, but it works. Given my lazy nature, and my other commitements, I opted to stop changing the logic in my code and start focusing more on making my code ready for the final submission.

### What's in my way?

As of right now, I need to work on the remaining specifications that are required for this project to be succesfully submitted. Work through pylint's messages, documentation of the code, make sure all thetracked issues are taken care of and closed, and finally submit the code when ready. It did help to start working on the project at the earliest convenience, but I still have to avoid becoming complacent and having to rush through my work at the very last moment but the code submission deadline.

### What will I do next week? 

In my opinion, the bulk of the work was accomplished the moment the code passed SPOJ. All I am going to do now next week is preparing the code for the final submission, and probably start working on the next project whenever it becomes available to us, unless it is already available.
