---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

### What did I do this past week?

This past week, we started takling the subject of inheritance, and by extension polymorphism. It was pretty interesting, given that we were able to discuss some of the differences between Java and C++ concerning this topic.

At the same time, the last project is out, and it revolves around the same subject: implementing inheritence and polymorphism in C++.

Due to the heavy load of work for our other classes, the work done on this project was slow, but steady nonetheless. Some issues were met along the way when it came to actually understanding what is expected from this project, think and implement a good solution design that meets the requirements. Most of the requirements have being met so far, what needs to be done next is to make sure that polymorphism works as it should. We do have a solution for that but it seems that some interesting and unintended behavior emmanate during some of the test cases. 

To be honest, with the level of fatigue I am at right now, I really want to just wrap up this project and ship it for grading as soon as possible.

### What's in my way?

Some bugs need to be fixed, and a lot of unit tests are to be written. This is going to be a very busy week not only with regards to this class, but also from all the other classes which projects are to be delivered this week also.

The rivers of caffein flow, and the days long enough to get some time to get some work done.

### What will I do next week? 

Wrap up the all the projects, and get wasted on Friday.
