---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

### What did I do this past week?

Project wise, me and my team mate were able to complete the design and class implementations during the week. I find myself enjoying these projects where a very minimum numbers of specs are outlined. I liked brainstorming all the potential solutions, and then eventually start to build the implementation one small piece at the time, until every single necessary functionality is finally implemented. The moment I was able to print the grid of the third acceptance test, the 72x72 map of randomly placed creatures, I was very happy with the result, I even modified the program at a moment so that it prints the map of every turn every 10ms in order to create a sort of an animation on the screen, I couldn't help myself but scream "IT'S ALIVE!!!" (pun intended...please laugh). 

The only thing I am currently having an issue with is the number of different results people are sharing on piazza, although not that many shared their result at this point. While thinking about it, I think it might be normal that a lot of the results for the third acceptance will not be similar since it relies on randomly placing the creatures on the map, although we are all using the same seed value, the order in which these creatures are added in the map does actually play a role in the noticed variation. The problem is, this will not be helpful in catching any errors that might be lingering between the darkest corners of the code, and this when it is helpful to have a riguourous unit tests also implemented along side the solution code. 

### What's in my way?

Most of the important logic out of the way now, we have to finish up writing all the necessary unit tests, and make sure that nothing is broken, and everything behaves as intended. We need to implement at least 64 total, so we might say that is the biggest challenge this coming week. Other than that, we have to also work on the UML, but I am not too concerned about that myself. 

### What will I do next week? 

Finish up the project, and get it ready for the final submission.
