---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

### What did I do this past week?

The past week was extremely busy: onsite interviews, on campus interviews, and last but not least two exams for which one of them was for the OOP class. 

I have to confess that I did not have much time to prepare for this exam, I was barely able to review the previously covered materials, and make a somewhat relevant cheat sheet. I would like to thank in this occasion Alfred Zhong who shared his copy of the exam's cheat sheet on piazza, it helped me a lot before and during the exam.
The exam itself was in my opinion fair, it did cover most of the C++ sementics and OOP materials that were covered during the first half of this semester. Did I do good? I hope that I did, although there were a couple of questions that I am not sure whether I answer them correctly or not. The time allocated for the test was also fair, I had plenty of time left before the due time. 

If I have a suggestion for the following exam would be to improve the process of getting the students to the classroom and validate their cheat sheets. It would probably being better to let the students be seated, and divide the classroom among the graders who will then verify the cheat sheet and their identity/attendence. I think it was not fair to the class that had to take the exam right after us since they had to wait an extra 30 min before they could start their exam.

### What's in my way?

Now that the exam is over, we are back to working on the next project. The next project contrary to the previous projects seems to provide very little information. It is still early to decide how this project will unfold, however I am sure that me and my partner will be able to overcome any challenges

### What will I do next week? 

Start working on the project, and start wrapping up my remaining job interviews.
