---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

### What did I do this past week?

If I had to sum it up in one sentence it would be: Netflix and NOT chilling. The project is pretty interesting, given that I have always being interested in doing some sort of big data project. 

This project has shown itself to not be as easy as I suspected it to be, although I was prepared to spend a fair amount of time in being dedicated towards getting it done. The primary challenge was comming up with an algorithm that would allow us to produce movie rating predictions which RMSE would be lower than 1.0. We started by parsing through the given training files and computing the rating averages for each customer and each movie, and then narrowed the set of averages to the movies and costumers that are present in the probe data. This first approach allowed us to reach an RMSE of 1.0, which is descent but still not good enough in order to get the full grade. We decided later on to divide costumers' ratings by the period of time each movie was produced. We based this idea on the premise that while some people might appreciate a certain movie from 1950s they might also appreciate other movies from the same time period. This idea has shown itself to be a succesful approach as me and my partner jubilated in the CS lab when the returned value was 0.97. After a couple of tweaks to our prediction formula we were able to reduce it to 0.95, right on the borderline for the extra-credits.

What I failed to mention so far is that most what have being accomplished was done in Python. We decided to started this way because 1) we are both taking SWE and 2) Python is a super effective language for prototyping. The sad part in this plan is how naive of us it was to expect C++ to just behave as it is supposed to, like Python usually does. 

To our biggest surprise, the C++ version of the project is much slower than the Python program. Unless we are missing out on some optimization in the C++ program that is implemented automatically in Python, I have no idea what is causing it; although the lag seems to strongly corelate to the immense Map data structure we build from the construct .txt cache file.

### What's in my way?

As I previously mentioned, the biggest challenge right now is to figure out the reason behind why our program is running slower than expected. This coming week is a busy week: the career fair is on tuesday, a number of projects due, a number of interviews to prepare for, without even mentioning the part-time job that is consuming a significant part of my time during the day. I have to keep body and mind sharp everyday in order for me to power through this week.

### What will I do next week? 

Get everything ready for the final submission on Thursday!