---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### What did I do this past week?

As it was the case for last week, we did not have any new programming assignment to work on (yet); However, there was quite a bit of theory that covered the inner workings of C++, and boy it is one ugly sight.

I would say that I had a fair experience when it comes to writing C programs, and although I did strugle a bit when it came to memory management and pointer manipulations when I first started, I came to appreciate its efficiency and level of abstraction. Knowing that C++ was an OOP based language, I assumed that it would be not much different than C's semmentics, and I was wrong. Type templating, declaring data fields as constants, classes that declare friendship to other classes, methods and functions, member initialization list, lambda functions using capture lists...and I am sure we did not even scratch the surface of the iceberg of all the functionalities and grammars used in C++. A side of me is interested about the depth and breadth that C++ provides in its tool box, and yet there is another side of me that wants me to be more careful about every single line I am going to write in C++ in the future. I think this is the reason why in none of my recent interviews I insisted (politely) in not writing my answer's implementation in C++, but rather use Python, except for one coding challenge since that's what they use for their day to day business.

Other than that, I have to admit that my primary preocupation right now is working through every interview I have scheduled. I feel this will greatly impact my grade for the first exam, since I really did not had the opportunity to review for the test yet. And since I won't be able to attend classes on Monday and Wednesday next week due to a series of on site interviews, I am sure I will miss some precious meterials that are going to be covered in the exam. To be honest tho, my current priority is getting a job lined up, I will worry about class performance when that is accomplished. 

### What's in my way?

I think you might have guessed it by now: INTERVIEWS!

6 total this week, 3 on site and 3 on campus. And of course two exams scheduled during the same for OOP and SWE (yaaaay...~kill me plz~)

I still believe that I will make it happen.

### What will I do next week? 

Improve my time management skills. With all the tasks that I have to accompish, and the commitements that I have to respect, I will need to make sure that everything is done in its allocated time in the smoothest manner possible. It honestly feels like playing Tetris on hard mode.