---
layout: post
title: A Review of OOP class with Prof. Downing.
---

If there is one thing that I am glad about right now is that this semester has reached its conclusion. I must say that it was an interesting 14 weeks, with a lot of ups and downs, enjoyable and sometimes not so enjoyable surprises, and a lot of lessons learned within and outside of class. I am going to break down my reflections about this semester into three different parts: What I was expecting this semester, what actually happened, and how this semester could have being better. Please bear in mind that some of this opinions are personal, and are most likly biased due to the lifestyle and the decisions that I made during the duration of this semester.


## What I expected.

Given the name of this class (Object oriented programming), I was expecting an in depth overview of the some the elements that constitute the style of programming that came to be known as object oriented. A more focused attention on design patterns, and some of the nuances that were not elaborated and/or discussed during some of the intro classes here at UTCS. I also did expect the use of a broad array of OOP languages, and then draw some of the nuances and differences between the languages as we study some of the OOP concepts, and contrast them with how each language does implement them.

## What actually happened.

An enormous emphasis in this class was around programming in the C++ language. While I do appreciate the nice exposure to the language through a number of the projects that we had to work on during the entirety of this semester, it did however feel like the class was more as C++ class than an OOP class. I would say more than a half, if not two thirds of the class was around some of the peculiar functionalities that are closely related to how C++ functions as a language, rather than how to design a C++ program through an OOP lense.

There was some coverage in the style of compare and contrast regarding some functionalities and behaviors that implemented between C++ and Java, but the later barely got any attention. I understand that professor Downing through numerous of his funny comments regarding Java that he does not like the language, which might be understandable given his past professional experience which might have led him to prefer one language over another, as we all do or will in the future as we mature more as software engineers and developers; However, and as I mentioned earlier, I find it sad that the focus of this class was more on how to implement solutions to certain problems using quirks that are more closely related to how C++ behaves, than from a more generic OOP design, which would be more beneficial in my opinion to students who will have to implement solutions to problems in other OOP languages, which do not benefit from some of the patterns that are exclusive to C++.

This class does however provide a really nice exposure to some of the technologies and methodologies that are currently used in the industry, such as the use of unit test and acceptance tests, two concepts that I have not heard before this class, and the use of continuous integration services (although I think TravisCI is crap...but free).

Professor Dowining has placed a great emphasis on the importance of interacting between students, this was done by incentivizing students to post blog entries such as this one each week, work with a different person for each different project, as well as pushing the students to be more pro-active both in class by "forcing" students to participate, and on piazza by asking more questions and helping other students. I think this will be very beneficial to many students in this class. From my past professional experience, I can say that one of the biggest problems a team may face is not the lack of talent but rather poor communication skills or their complete abscence. A good communication flow among team members helps improve the team's cohesiveness, and therefor improves its productivity. If there is one way to prove this, just watch some team based sports and you will find that most of the strong teams display a very high level of camaraderie which in turn reflects positively on their performance.

## How this semester could have being better.

This class overall was one of the best classes I took so far here at UT. Very well organized, with materials that were designed with very meticulous attention to details, and a professor who really wants to see his students succeed in their professions and in life. For a class that only lasts for a few months (it is not like I am asking for a longer semester - au contraire), this class was able to cram in as many concepts that were intended to be covered as it was possible. 

Since nothing is perfect, and coming back to my previous remarks. I think that it would be good for this class to cover more topics regarding OOP. At this point it seems like this class should be called CPP rather than OOP.