---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

### What did I do this past week?

If there is one adjective I can give to this week, is "Phenomenal". No I did not win the lottery, nor did make a breakthrough towards the cure for Cancer and AIDS. What happened instead was that we finished the last project for this semester.

As benign that might sound, I am just glad I was able to make it through the programming assignments of most of my classes. I did enjoy working on most of them, with the exception of maybe one or two, but man I am so glade I could enjoy this week end. The first week end as a human being after a while.

The last project was fun to work on. Java being my primary language at work, it was interesting to reflect on the similarities and the differneces between Java and C++ when it came to inheritance. There a couple of things that I came to appreciate in C++, and there are others that I just prefer them to be done the Java way. 

I understand professor Downing might look down towards Java developers as heretics, but besides the difference in performance between Java and C++, I am not completely sold regarding how C++ is "so much better" than Java. I guess it is still to early for me to really like a language over another, but I do appreciate working at the highest level of abstraction with a language as much as possible, unless the project might in fact require some lower level manipulations.

### What's in my way?

Next week we only have one instructions class on Monday, and apparently Wendesday's class is off. The only obstacle left in this semester is the last exam. 

### What will I do next week? 

Start studying for the final exam.
