---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

### What did I do this past week?

Having finished most of the work with regards to the simulator's "engine", the work on the project this week was a breeze. We had three main tasks that needed to be accomplished in order to be able to submit the project: Writing more unit tests in order to have an averge of three for each defined function, make the UML, and polish up the code and provide a documentation.

The unit tests were not as straight forward to implement as it was the case in the previous projects, given that in this project, we opted to have some of the functions to return void and simply print some results on the console. After a little bit of searching around the web, and experimenting we found a good way to test some of the functions. At the end we were able to achieve a coverage of about 99%. Not bad given that I was hoping for us to be over 75% to begin with given the way our functions were implemented.

The UML and documentation of the code were straight forward. No complications were experienced from these two project requirements.

The only thing that I am a bit sad about is that our best creature looses to the rover by one point. It was fun however just trying different combinations and see which ones performed the best.

### What's in my way?

Just about one month left in this class, and only two more weeks until the submission date of the last project. This is pretty much the last stretch home. All I have to do is keep being consistent at what I am doing, stay patient, and be over with this crazy semester.

### What will I do next week? 

Get started with the last project ASAP, and start gettin ready for the final.
