---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

### What did I do this past week?

The code for the project being completed for the most parts the prior week, me and my team mate only had to make sure that everything was in order and ready for submission. It was a painless process, until I had to deal with trying to submit the file that contains the unit tests in the public repo. I think it was because of me being a bit exhausted last week. I have done the process multiple times before, but this time I just could not get it done correctly.

Last week was a pretty big week for me personally: I am done with interviewing. That is it! Although I received multiple other interview invitations last week alone, for the sake of keeping my sanity and preserving my well being I had to decline all of them. I missed a total of 8 days of classes just this past month alone all due to onsite interviews, and put on the spot by professor Downing twice when he called my name and couldn't answer his question as I had trouble staying awake during class.

### What's in my way?

The new project is out, and so the cycle begins anew again. The new project reminds me of a similar project that I have in the intro CS class, although I doubt it would be as easy. The idea seems simple enough, create a class or a set of classes from which we will instanciate critters that will fight to death until one specy remains. There can be only one! amirite?

The requirements for this project seems to be obscure again, so it might take us a little while me and my partner to eventually be able to plan what needs to be done, and how to accomplish it. 

### What will I do next week? 

Get started with the project, and try to review the missed materials.
