---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

### What did I do this past week?

This past week, me and my team mate started working on project three. We had a bit of a slow start due the on site interviews I had this past week, as well as other assignments for other classes that me and Nirja (my team mate) had to finish before their respective dead lines.

The assignment did bring flash backs of the so hated PintOS assignements. Although, when we actually started getting our hands dirty and started the implementing the function for the classes we had to implement, things were not as bad as we thought it would be. The project is in fact a straight forward task that demands a couple of pointer operations in order to simulate a sort of a heap memory structure. 

The algorithm that we were allowed to use for this assignment was very easy to implement, first fit. I really wanted to go one step further and make more space efficient in order ot avoid internal fragmentations that arises in some cases, but decided to take it easy and just follow the requirments to the letter instead. 

The solution for the assignment as it stands right now seems to be fully operational. We still need to clean up the code, think maybe of more corner cases that might make our code break, and we should be good to submit it for grading. The experience was enjoyable, although we did have issues with pointers misbehaving a couple of times, we just had to be very careful when the program's behavior was not what was expected, and pay very close attention to details when it comes to working closely with memory addresses. As it was the case in the previous project, a misplaced character can make a whole of a difference between a functional program and an unfunctional one.

### What's in my way?

The hardest part of the project is over, now we just need to clean our code and get it ready for submission. 
I noticed some noise on Piazza regarding proper set up of the repo in the github classroom, so I am not sure if we have done it correctly for our project's repo. We might have to make sure that everything is in order regarding this issue.

### What will I do next week? 

Get the project ready for final submission.
