---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

### What did I do this past week?

This past week was very busy. Wrapping up the Netflix project, and working through the career fair and the subsequent interviews that were scheduled during the same week.

Concerning the Netflix project, I am just glade me and my team mate were able to locate where the bottleneck was located at in our code, and made the printing process extremely slow. At the beginning I was suspecting that because the map data structure housing the cache data was considerably big, maybe memory locality was really bad, and that maybe the OS was thrashing the memory segments related to the map. I should have started by thinking about a more obvious reason why the lag was present in my program when it came to printing a string without even fetching a value from the big big map data structure. What made me reaslize my mistake in the code is when I was recalling my conversation with another classmate when he was describing his implementation, and it could be summed to two little words: "global scope". When I wrote the code I decided to reduce the amount of global variables to the very minimum, but the nature of the variable's scope was not exact reason why my program was slow, it was rather because of how I passed the cache along to the function call because I made the scope of the cache more limited. 

In brief, I passed the cache data structure by value instead of by reference. Doing so caused the program to make a copy of about 1GB of data every time the function was called within the loop that parsed every single line of the probe text. Adding an '&' changed the speed of the program dramatically were it would run for a total time of about 7s when leting it work through the probe text.

This is in my opinion a prime example how lack of attention to details can cause a huge loss of productivity. If we could avoid this issue from the very bginning, I am sure we would have being able to finish the project a whole day earlier. It does not matter anyway since we did finish our project comfortably ahead of time. 

### What's in my way?

It might seem that this week is slightly less stressful since there is not project due neither this week nor the next, but we have to keep in mind that we have a test in the following week, and I am extremely behind in my readings and my notes are in extreme need of some serious revision. 
Besides that, interviewing for jobs is at peak momentum right now. I thought I would have being able to finish my coding challenges this week end and then start working on getting prepared for the exams that I have in two weeks, but I was wrong. I barely had enough time to prepare and finish two challenges, and I still have two to go that I need to submit by Thursday.

I will make it happen.

### What will I do next week? 

Bring my ace game to every single interview I have this week, and make more substancial progress regarding the project I am working on at my part time job.