---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

### What did I do this past week?

This week was mostly about preparing the code for final submission. Although a solution was implemented and finished the previous week, the process of making sure that every single specification and requirement is done correctly was daunting process: Making sure the test files are included in the public repo, try to figure out why auto-formatting is not working correctly, why the doxyfile is not being generated, why is Travis failing while the make test passes on the local machine...etc...

I am a big proponent for trying and using new technologies as they come out, however I am also in favor of using said technologies for the purpose of making tasks easier to accomplish, and not more difficult. 

I understand that things happen during the process of working on a project such changes in requirements and what not; However the fact that revisions of requirements, and the absence of information regarding values that needed to be changed in order for all the specifications to be met just days even hours prior to the submission deadline was not appreciated from my end.

### What's in my way?

A new week calls for new challenges and issues to face. While I was able to pull my own weight when it came to working on the first project, now I am compelled to seek a partner in order to work on the next project. It will be vital to find someone whose time schedule will allow us to be able to meet most of the time during the development process. This will be a bit challenging since I recently started a new part-time job.

I am available in the CS lab most of the day Tuesday and Thursday usually from 8am to 6 ~ 7 pm, and of course during most of the week-ends (what is life when you are a CS student?). If this somewhat matches the bulk of the time you have available for working on this class' project, please send me an email at a.saidalaoui@utexas.edu.

### What will I do next week? 

At the time of writing this blog entry, the next project's description is yet to be published. So while waiting for its publication, I have to pick up on my reading assignments, for which I am starting to fall behind. 

While I had the chance to attend the engineering expo last Thursday, I still have to apply to more positions online. It is a numbers game, and I would not mind having the opportunity of choosing between multiple competing offers when time comes for choosing future full-time position. May the gods of probability be ever in our favor.